[MUSIC] Okay, well, I wanna take some time to
do something that's rather boring but it's actually very important and
that's to talk about notation. The reason it's important
is because unfortunately, there's no standard convention in
the machine learning community for how to denote the things that we're
gonna be going through in this module. And so we have chosen our notation and
we really, really like it, but it might be different than
notation you've seen before. So I want to go very slowly through
this notation and what it means so that it's very clear in the following
slides when I'm using this notation, what I mean by it. Okay, so in this case when we're talking
about multiple regression, our inputs are a whole collection of different
inputs like number of square feet, bedrooms, bathrooms, and so on. And we're gonna put these all
together into a vector x. And I'm gonna use this bold-faced notation
to represent the fact that this is a vector. In some communities they
might put a bar under, a little arrow over, or
there are lots of other options. But we're gonna use bold x to denote
some little d dimensional vector, meaning there are little d
different inputs in our model. Okay, then we're going to assume that
our output is just some scalar, so that's just gonna be a normal y,
no boldness to it. Might be very bold, but
it's not bold faced. Okay, so our notational
conventions are gonna be, bold x, square brackets of j is
gonna take this vector x. And just like you would in Python,
it's gonna grab out that jth element. Okay, so the result of that is gonna
be the jth input to our model, and that's just a scalar,
like number of square feet for the house. For our features, we're gonna use these
functions h that we talked about before, so hj is our jth feature. And in the case of multiple inputs,
it might be, and we'll go through this a little bit more in a couple slides,
It might be a function of multiple inputs. So in general, our features
are a function of this bold x, this entire d-dimensional vector. Then, when we use bold x sub i,
what we're saying is that's our ith input, so the input associated
with our ith observation, the ith house in our data set for
our housing application. And then just to be very, very clear. Bold x, sub i, square brackets j,
means we're gonna look at this d dimensional input
vector for this ith house. So, the number of square feet, bedrooms,
bathrooms, etc., for this ith house. And we're gonna grab out the jth input,
which might be number of bathrooms. Okay, so that's, again, just a scalar. Okay, I said I was gonna
go through that slowly. I think I went though that slowly,
but again, it's very important so take a little snapshot of this slide. This notation's gonna be used
throughout the rest of the course. [MUSIC]