[MUSIC] Now let's delve into what this
course is gonna be about. In the Foundations course, we talked about how machine learning is
about deriving intelligence from data. And in this course, the machine learning method that
we're gonna focus on is regression. And in particular, what regression is
gonna assume is that we have some features that are derived from our data that
are the input to our regression model. And then our goal will be to predict
some continuous valued output or response to the input. The way we're gonna do this is by learning
a relationship between our inputs x and this output y. For example, maybe you're interested
in how taking this machine learning specialization is going to pay off for
you in the end. So you're sitting here,
you're doing a lot of really hard work and you wonder where this
is going to land you. Well, maybe a question you might be
interested in is what will your salary be after taking this specialization. And so we can think about
predicting what your salary is based on things like what your
performance was in the various courses, the quality of your capstone project,
how many forum responses you are participating in,
and different features like this. So this would be the input
to the regression model and the prediction, the output that
we're trying to predict would be your expected salary at the end
of this specialization. Another example is predicting
the price of a stock. And to form this prediction
maybe we expect that this would depend on the past history of the stock,
as well as perhaps recent news events, in addition to the trends in
other related commodities. Or maybe you tweeted something, and you wanna know how many people
are gonna retweet what you tweeted. Well this might depend on
how many followers you have, how many followers your followers have, local structure of your follower network,
what hash tags you used, how many retweets you've had in the past,
and other features like this. Another example that we're going
to talk about in this course is a really cool example
of reading your mind. Where you go and you get some kind
of brain scan, could be FMRI or MEG and for our sake we're just going to
think of it as producing an image of your brain even though the truth is it
produces something more complicated. But we can think of all
the different pixel intensities as inputs to a regression model
where the goal of the output is to predict whether you felt happy or sad
in response to something you were shown when you were getting that brain scan. So it's reading your mind because we want
to guess how you're feeling just from an image of your brain. But in this course, we're gonna focus in on a case
study of predicting house prices. So in particular, a question we're gonna
ask is, what's the value of a given house? Maybe you wanna sell your house and you wanna figure out how
much to list that house for. And so we're gonna derive this
intelligence by looking at some data. And the data we're gonna look
at include other house sales. So we're gonna have the sales price
associated with a bunch of other houses, as well as the house attributes
of these other houses, and from these inputs, the house attributes,
we're gonna learn this relationship between house attributes and the output,
which is the sales price, and use this learned model in order to make
the prediction of the value of your house. And this course is all about how to form this relationship between the input and
the output. [MUSIC]